>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
>> WE WERE CALLED BY THE GIRL'S
MOTHER.
>> SHE'S A VERY IMPORTANT CLIENT
OF OURS. SHE'S ASKED US TO
TRANSFER HER DAUGHTER TO OUR
OFFICE.
>> WE HAVE A PRIVATE AMBULANCE
OUT FRONT.
>> WHICH GIRL?
>> WHAT DO YOU MEAN, WHICH GIRL?
THE ONE WHO WAS A'ITACKED BY THE
CARVER.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO BE A
LITTLE BIT MORE SPECIFIC. I HAVE
9 VICTIMS.
>> HE A'I'I'ACKED ALL THESE GIRLS
TONIGHT?
>> PICKED THEM OFF ONE BY ONE.
BELIEVE IT OR NOT, THIS IS A
GOOD THING.
>> I THINK YOU'RE BECOMING
DESENSITIZED, KIT.
>> SERIAL CRIMINALS LIKE THE
CARVER ARE CREATURES OF HABIT.
THEY'RE OBSESSIVE-COMPULSIVE.
WHEN THEY BREAK PROTOCOL LIKE
THIS, IT MEANS THEY'RE GE'I'I'ING
DESPERATE. THAT'S WHEN WE CATCH
THEM. IT'S ALWAYS DARKEST BEFORE
THE DAWN.
>> WHERE'S CHELSEY MYERS?
WHY DON'T YOU GO TALK TO
CHELSEY? I'M GOING TO SEE IF I
CAN HELP ANY OF THESE OTHER
GIRLS.
>> CHELSEY?
CHELSEY, MY NAME IS DR.
CHRISTIAN TROY. I'M A PLASTIC
SURGEON. YOUR MOM CALLED ME AND
ASKED ME TO COME DOWN HERE AND
TAKE CARE OF YOU. SHE'S GONNA
MEET US AT MY OFFICE. SHE'S NOT
ALLOWED IN HERE RIGHT NOW.
>> MY MOM IS HERE?
>> I'M GONNA TAKE GOOD CARE OF
YOU, SWEETHEART, OK? SHE'S IN
SHOCK.
>> I'D LIKE TO TAKE A COUPLE OF
THESE GIRLS BACK TO THE OFFICE
FOR SURGERY. IT'LL BE A LATE
NIGHT, BUT MAYBE WE CAN DO THEM
BACK TO BACK.
>> OK.
>> CHELSEY, CAN YOU TELL ME
ANYTHING YOU REMEMBER ABOUT THE
MAN WHO ATTACKED YOU?
>> KIT, NOW'S NOT THE TIME.
>> IT'S THE BEST TIME,
CHRISTIAN. WE HAVE TO CATCH THIS
MAN AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. THIS IS
GOING TO LOOK LIKE A DISNEY
MOVIE COMPARED TO WHAT HE'S
GONNA DO NEXT.
>> HE MUST'VE CLIMBED IN THROUGH
THE WINDOW. FIRE ESCAPE. HE MADE
HIS WAY DOWN THE HALL, FROM
ROOM TO ROOM.
I WALKED IN ON HIM WHEN HE WAS
RAPING ELLEN.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT CAME OVER ME.
I JUST RAN TOWARDS THEM AND
JUMPED ON HIM.
>> YOU'RE A VERY BRAVE GIRL,
CH ELSEY.
>> WELL, IT DIDN'T DO ANY GOOD.
HE JUST TOSSED ME ASIDE LIKE I
WAS A DOLL.
AND THAT'S WHEN I SAW IT.
> > SAW WHAT?
>> HIS PANTS WERE DOWN WHEN HE
TURNED TOWARDS ME AND I SAW IT.
> > HIS PENIS?
>> NO...IT WASN'T A PENIS. IT
WAS ONE OF THOSE FAKE STRAP-ON
THINGS.
>> MIAMI POLICE! WE ARE ARMED!
SURRENDER YOURSELF IMMEDIATELY!
>> I'M AFRAID DOING ANY WORK ON
YOUR SCARS WOULD BE LESS THAN
PRUDENT FOR US AT THIS POINT,
QUENTIN, BUT WE CAN REFER YOU TO
DR. SACHS.
>> A REFERRAL?
WHO ELSE BESIDES THE TWO OF YOU
UNDERSTANDS ON A DEEPER LEVEL
WHAT IT WOULD TAKE TO MAKE ME
WHOLE AGAIN?
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
>> OBVIOUSLY, WE UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU'RE GOING THROUGH AND WE
SYM PATHIZE, BUT--
>> IT'S NOT THAT WE DON'T WANT
TO HELP YOU, QUENTIN. IT'S JUST
TOO DANGEROUS FOR US TO DO THE
WORK.
>> WHAT DO YOU MEAN, DANGEROUS?
>> THE CARVER ONLY CAME AFTER US
BECAUSE WE FIXED HIS VICTIMS.
>> AND THEN HE WENT AFTER MY
FIANCEE.
REPAIRING YOUR FACE WOULD BE
TOO DANGEROUS FOR US. WE'RE NOT
WILLING TO TAKE THAT RISK
ANYMORE.
>> OH. YOU MEAN IN THE SAME WAY
I PUT MYSELF IN DANGER WHEN I
FIXED YOUR FACE, SEAN? WHAT
ABOUT THE HALF DOZEN SORORITY
GIRLS BOTH OF YOU FIXED LAST
NIGHT? THAT TAKES CARE OF YOUR
DANGER THEORY, DOESN'T IT? WHY
DON'T YOU TWO JUST PLEASE ADMIT
WHAT THIS IS REALLY ABOUT? YOU
JUST DON'T LIKE ME. YOU NEVER
HAVE. YOU NEVER GAVE ME THE
CHANCE.
>> WE DID GIVE YOU A CHANCE. YOU
BLEW IT BY CONSISTENTLY BEING
DECEPTIVE.
>> THE DRUG USE.
>> DATING MY EX-WIFE.
>> SCREWING A MALE PATIENT IN
RECOVERY.
>> THE DRUGS WERE A ONE-TIME
THING. DATING JULIA, THAT JUST
IS CONCERNED, IT WAS A MISTAKE.
>> PRETENDING TO BE A GIGOLO
WHEN YOU HAVEN'T EVEN GOT A
DICK--
>> SO IF I TOLD YOU THAT I WAS
BORN WITHOUT A PENIS, THAT
WOULD'VE MADE EVERYTHING OK,
RIGHT?
>> YOU MEAN SOME TWINK DIDN'T
BITE IT OFF DURING A LOVER'S
SPAT?
>> [SIGHS] I WAS BORN WITH WHAT
IS CALLED A 5-ALPHA REDUCT ASE
DEFICIENCY. IT'S A GENETIC
DISORDER THAT HAPPENS IN UTERO.
I SPENT MY ENTIRE CHILDHOOD IN
AND OUT OF HOSPITALS, UNDERGOING
HORMONE THERAPIES AND
RECONSTRUCT IVE SURGERIES IN
ORDER TO CORRECT THE PROBLEM.
THAT MADE ME WANT TO BECOME A
SURGEON.
>> WHAT ABOUT THAT COLLEGE PARTY
WE WENT TO? I SAW YOU GET A BLOW
JOB.
>> SHE WAS DRUNK, SEAN. I
OFFERED HER 100 BUCKS TO PRETEND
I HAD ONE. SHE DIDN'T CARE.
>> WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
>> BECAUSE I WANTED TO FEEL LIKE
ONE OF THE BOYS FOR ONCE!
BECAUSE I WANTED TO BE ACCEPTED.
>> IS THAT WHY YOU GRABBED MY
ASS IN BED WITH KIT? BECAUSE YOU
WANTED TO BE ACCEPTED?
>> I KNEW THAT IF SHE TOOK IT
ANY FURTHER, THAT IF I TOOK IT
ANY FURTHER, SHE WOULD DISCOVER
THAT I DIDN'T HAVE A DICK AND
THAT WOULD RUIN EVERYTHING.
AT LEAST BY GRABBING YOUR ASS...
I GOT TO KEEP MY SECRET.
I ADMIRE YOU BOTH. THAT'S WHY I
TOOK THE JOB. BUT MORE THAN
THAT, I JUST--I WANTED TO BE
LIKE YOU. YOU KNOW, FOR THE
FIRST TIME, IT'S FUNNY, ALL
3 OF US HAVE SOMETHING IN
COMMON. WE'VE ALL BEEN CARVED.
YET YOU STILL CAN'T TREAT ME
LIKE AN EQUAL.
> > WAIT.
HOW'S THURSDAY FOR YOU?
>> I'M REALLY SORRY ABOUT THE
MALL, MA'I'I'. YOU KNOW, I WAS
JEALOUS. I'M HUMAN.
>> YEAH, I KNOW. I HEAR YOU.
BUT IT'S STILL OVER BETWEEN US.
>> LISTEN, I JUST WANT TO KNOW.
WHAT DOES CHERRY HAVE THAT I
DON'T HAVE?
>> [SIGHS] SEE, THIS IS WHY I
DIDN'T WANT TO GET IN THE CAR.
YOU'RE IRRATIONAL AND YOU DON'T
LISTEN, ARIEL. THERE'S NOTHING
BETWEEN ME AND CHERRY.
>> I JUST WANT TO KNOW. I MEAN,
DOES CHERRY HAVE A PENIS?
>> JESUS, ARIEL! THIS IS INSANE.
>> NO, JUST TELL ME. I JUST WANT
TO KNOW. IT DOESN'T SCARE ME.
JUST TELL ME. YOU KNOW, IF WEIRD
SEX IS WHAT YOU WANT, I'M
TOTALLY FOR THAT. YOU JUST--YOU
JUST DIDN'T GIVE ME A CHANCE.
PLEASE, MATI'.
>> OK.
>> NO, MA'I'I', PLEASE!
>> LISTEN, ARIEL. SETTLE DOWN.
>> YOU HEARD THE MAN, ARIEL. GET
OFF HIM.
SLIDE OVER, MATT.
>> UM, WHAT'S GOING ON?
>> A LITTLE OUTING. JUST US.
>> I DID WHAT YOU SAID, DADDY.
I KEPT HIM HERE.
>> SEAT BELTS, EVERYONE.
>> LASAGNA. WOW.
>> RESERVE JUDGMENT 'TILL YOU'VE
TRIED IT. I'VE HAD A LOT OF TIME
TO CULTIVATE MY CULINARY SKILLS
LIVING ON MY OWN. I THINK THAT'S
BEEN ABOUT THE ONLY ADVANTAGE.
>> I THOUGHT YOU WANTED TO GO
OVER SOME CHANGES IN THE
MORTGAGE.
>> AFTER DINNER. EAT. IT FEELS
LIKE YEARS SINCE WE'VE SAT HERE
AND HAD A MEAL TOGETHER.
>> THIS IS REALLY SWEET OF YOU.
WHAT'S THIS?
> > OPEN IT.
>> IT'S THE DEED TO OUR HOUSE.
>> YEAH. I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT.
I MADE THE LAST MORTGAGE PAYMENT
ON IT YESTERDAY. IT'S OFFICIALLY
OURS.
BUT IT'S ALWAYS BEEN YOURS.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
>> YOU MADE THIS HOUSE, JULIA.
YOU PICKED THE PAINT, THE
MOLDINGS, EVERY PIECE OF
FURNITURE.
YOU DID ALL THE WORK. I JUST
LIVED HERE.
>> THAT'S VERY...
WONDERFUL OF YOU,
BUT I CAN'T JUST KICK YOU OUT
AND MOVE BACK IN.
>> I WANT YOU TO HAVE IT, JULES.
THE THOUGHT OF YOU LIVING HERE
AND HAVING OUR BABY HERE JUST
REALLY WOULD MAKE ME HAPPY.
>> I CAN'T. I--I WOULDN'T BE
COMFORTABLE HERE.
I WANT TO BRING THIS BABY INTO A
PLACE THAT ISN'T COMPLICATED BY
THE PAST. YOU KNOW, I WANT A
FRESH START.
I'M SORRY.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> EVERYTHING'S COME FULL
CIRCLE. HERE I AM LOOKING UP AT
THE TWO OF YOU WHEN I WAS
ORIGINALLY BROUGHT DOWN TO
OPERATE ON BOTH OF YOU.
>> YOU'RE GOING TO BE FINE,
QUENTIN, I PROMISE.
>> COUNT BACK FROM 10 FOR ME,
OK?
>> [SIGHS] 10...9...8...
>> THIS IS THE WORK OF AN
AMATEUR.
>> ARE YOU SAYING IT'S NOT THE
WORK OF THE CARVER?
>> IT'S HIS WORK. I'M JUST
SAYING IT'S NOT AS PRISTINE AND
METICULOUS. HE'S GETTING SLOPPY.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
>> WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON?
>> YOU CAN'T COME IN HERE.
YOU'RE CONTAMINATING THE
OPERATION.
>> ELIZABETH CRUZ, YOU ARE UNDER
ARREST FOR 18 COUNTS OF ASSAULT
AND BATTERY, KIDNAPPING, AND THE
MURDER OF RHEA REYNOLDS.
>> YOU SEEM REALLY NERVOUS.
>> I'VE NEVER BEEN ARRESTED
BEFORE.
>> A LITTLE ADVICE: DON'T START
OFF BY LYING. WE BOTH KNOW THAT
ISN'T TRUE.
>> I THINK BEING HAULED IN
DURING AN ACT-UP MARCH IN
COLLEGE DOESN'T COUNT THE SAME
AS BEING ARRESTED FOR MURDER.
>> I MUST SAY, I ALWAYS ADMIRE A
WOMAN WHO'S WILLING TO FIGHT FOR
SOCIAL CHANGE AND STAND UP FOR
WHAT SHE BELIEVES LIKE THAT. IS
THAT YOU, LIZ? A WOMAN OF
CONVICTION?
>> HOW COME WHEN YOU SAY IT, IT
SOUNDS LIKE A DISEASE?
>> I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHAT IT'S
LIKE FOR SOMEONE LIKE YOU. AN
OUT LESBIAN WORKING IN A
MALE-DOMINATED FIELD, HELPING
WOMEN STUFF THEIR BODIES WITH
SILICON. HOLDING STRONG TO THOSE
FEMINIST BELIEFS MUST BE AWFULLY
FRUSTRATING AT TIMES.
>> LET ME SAVE YOU THE TROUBLE,
OK? I AM NOT SOME BITTER
FEMI-NAZI TRYING TO GET BACK AT
THE WORLD, AND I CERTAINLY
DIDN'T CARVE MY BOSSES AS
PAYBACK FOR WHO THEY ARE.
AND BEAUTY IS NOT A CURSE,
IT'S A COMMODITY, AND I'VE
NEVER HAD ANY ILLUSIONS ABOUT
WHAT I DO.
>> BRAVO. MAKE SURE YOU SHARE
THAT PHILOSOPHY WITH YOUR KIDS.
>> MY KIDS? ARE YOU SURE THAT
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT PERSON?
I DON'T EVEN HAVE CATS.
>> YEAH, BUT YOU'RE PLANNING ON
HAVING CHILDREN, THOUGH, RIGHT?
WE DO HAVE RECORDS OF YOUR
NUMEROUS VISITS TO AREA SPERM
BANKS IN THE LAST 6 MONTHS.
>> THIS WAS FOR SOMETHING ELSE.
>> I'M SURE. ALL THAT SEMEN YOU
TOOK MUST HAVE BEEN FOR MORE
THAN JUST MAKING LITTLE LIZs,
LIKE PLANTING EVIDENCE AT CRIME
SCENES.
>> LOOK, I KNOW THIS SOUNDS
WEIRD, BUT WE WERE USING ALL OF
THIS AS AN INGREDIENT IN A FACE
CREAM.
>> THAT'S SO STUPEFYINGLY
BIZARRE, IT'S ALMOST WORTH
ENTERTAINING THE THOUGHT.
WAS THIS IN THE FACE CREAM, TOO?
6O VIALS OF MELAPHOSPHATE. THE
SAME KIND OF TRANQUILIZER THE
CARVER USES TO PARALYZE HIS
VICTIMS.
>> I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THIS ORDER
FORM.
>> IT HAS YOUR SIGNATURE ON IT.
>> NO, SOMEBODY FORGED THAT.
THAT'S NOT ME.
>> JUST LIKE IT WASN'T YOU WHO
HELPED KEEP RHEA REYNOLDS AWAKE
DURING HER SURGERY. MOTIVE AND
OPPORTUNITY, LIZ.
JUDGES LOOK FOR THAT WHEN
THEY'RE SIGNING ARREST WARRANTS.
BUT WHAT REALLY GETS THEM
EXCITED...
IS WHEN YOU SHOW THEM THE MEANS.
WE FOUND THIS IN YOUR APARTMENT.
>> HAVING A SEX TOY MAKES ME A
MURDER SUSPECT NOW?
>> MY POINT IS IS THAT YOU
STRAP THIS ON. THAT TELLS ME
THAT YOU'RE NOT WEARING IT FOR
YOUR OWN ENJOYMENT, YOU'RE
WEARING IT FOR SOMEONE ELSE, AND
SINCE YOU DON'T HAVE A
RELATIONSHIP RIGHT NOW, I'M JUST
WONDERING WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE
TO USE IT.
>> I DON'T. NOT SINCE WENDY, AND
THAT WAS 2 YEARS AGO.
>> OH, YES. WENDY.
WE SPOKE TO HER THIS AFTERNOON.
CUTE GIRL. A BIT YOUNG FOR YOU,
THOUGH.
WENT BACK TO HER HUSBAND IN CASE
YOU HADN'T HEARD. TURNS OUT SHE
WAS STRAIGHT.
>> NOBODY'S PERFECT.
>> THAT'S NOT THE REAL REASON
SHE LEFT YOU, THOUGH, IS IT,
LIZ? SHE TOLD US YOU USED TO GET
A BIT CARRIED AWAY IN YOUR
LOVEMAKING. WHAT WAS THE WORD
SHE USED?
VIGOROUS.
>> HAVE A BIT OF A POWER ISSUE,
DO WE?
>> YEAH, WELL, SOMEONE IN THIS
ROOM HAS A POWER ISSUE, THAT'S
FOR SURE.
>> PSYCHOLOGICALLY SPEAKING,
YOU'RE NO DIFFERENT FROM THE
CARVER.
>> I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!
>> YOU HAVE A HISTORY OF
STANDING UP TO SOCIAL NORMS. YOU
HAVE A CLEAR NEED TO EXERCISE
POWER OVER THOSE AROUND YOU, AND
YOU HAD AN ACCESS TO THE MEDICAL
TOOLS NEEDED TO CARRY OUT YOUR
PLAN.
TELL ME, NOW THAT I'VE HAD MY
FACE REPAIRED, DON'T YOU JUST
WISH YOU COULD CARVE IT AGAIN?
[CAR ALARM BEEPS]
>> SORRY TO KEEP YOU WAITING,
JULIA. SEAN ISN'T JOINING YOU?
>> NO, NOT THIS TIME. I TOLD HIM
SINCE WE WEREN'T MARRIED
ANYMORE, HE'S NOT OBLIGATED TO
COME TO EVERY SINGLE GYNO
APPOINTMENT.
>> I SEE.
>> WHAT'S THE MATTER?
IS SOMETHING WRONG?
>> WE GOT THE RESULTS OF YOUR
CVS.
> > STOP IT.
>> STAY STILL OR I SWEAR TO GOD
YOU'LL REGRET THIS.
>> WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
>> I'M GOING TO MAKE YOU EVEN
PRETTIER THAN YOUR LITTLE
GIRLFRIEND. YOU KNOW, EVEN MY
MOM SAID YOU'D MAKE A PRETTY
GIRL. AT FIRST, I GOT MAD AT
HER, BUT NOW I CAN KIND OF SEE
WHAT SHE MEANS.
>> ARIEL, THIS WHOLE THING'S
GONE TOO FAR. IT'S GOTTEN WAY
OUT OF HAND. YOUR DAD SEEMS
MENTAL, YOU SEEM--
>> THIS IS APPLETINI GREEN. IT'S
WHAT CHERRY WEARS. DO YOU
RECOGNIZE IT?
>> THERE WAS REAL LOVE BETWEEN
US, ARIEL. I SAW THE REAL YOU
AND YOU BLEW ME AWAY. IT'S YOUR
DAD. HE GOT INSIDE YOUR HEAD.
HE'S AN EVIL PERSON, ARIEL, BUT
YOU ARE NOT EVIL, YOU'RE
AMAZING. YOU'RE MORE AMAZING
THAN ANYONE I'VE EVER KNOWN.
>> HEY, YOU CRAZY KIDS DOWN
HERE?
>> YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON, ARIEL.
YOU ARE NOT EVIL. DO NOT DO
THIS.
>> OH, MATT, I BROUGHT YOUR
FRIEND.
>> JESUS CHRIST! YOU CRAZY
ASSHOLE! CHERRY, WHAT DID HE DO
TO YOU?
>> FOOL'S GOT A GUN.
>> CHERRY AND I HAD A NICE
LITTLE CONVERSATION ABOUT
HURTING INNOCENT PEOPLE. GIVE ME
THAT CHAIR. COME ON, MOVE IT.
MOVE IT OVER HERE BY YOUR
BOYFRIEND. GIVE ME SOME ROOM,
WILL YOU, HONEY?
>> DAD, THIS ISN'T WHAT WE
AGREED ON. WE SAID WE WERE JUST
GOING TO SCARE THEM. WE WERE
NOT GONNA HURT THEM.
>> TELL ME SOMETHING. DO YOU
LIKE THE FACT THAT THIS
INFECTIOUS FAGGOT HAS BEEN
STICKING ITS TONGUE IN YOUR
BOYFRIEND'S MOUTH? IS THAT OK
WITH YOU, ARIEL? NO. IS IT OK
WITH YOU THAT WHEN PEOPLE FIND
OUT THAT MY DAUGHTER HAS BEEN
SCREWING A HOMOSEXUAL THAT YOUR
REPUTATION AND MINE ARE GONNA BE
DAMAGED BEYOND REPAIR?
>> DAD, THIS ISN'T WHAT WE
AGREED ON!
>> NO, AND WE ALSO DIDN'T AGREE
THAT YOU'D FALL IN LOVE WITH
THIS LITTLE PERVERT!
>> ARIEL, YOU CALL THE COPS. YOU
CALL THE COPS!
>> GO ON! I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
>> ARIEL.
>> SHUT UP.
>> WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
>> OH, DON'T YOU WORRY, PRETTY
GIRL. I'M GONNA MAKE ALL YOUR
DREAMS COME TRUE.
>> BLOOD PANEL LOOKS GOOD,
DR. COSTA.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S--
> > OH, GOD!
>> YOU STOP YOUR SNIVELING. I'M
NOT GOING TO USE THESE ON YOU.
THAT WOULD BE BARBARIC. I JUST
WANTED TO SEE IF THEY HAD ANY
RUST ON THEM BEFORE I TRIM THE
PRIVET TOMORROW. NO, I'M GOING
TO USE...YEAH, THIS. DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS IS, MATT? HMM?
>> NO.
>> IT'S A BOX-CUTTER, WHICH
MAKES SENSE BECAUSE I'M GOING TO
USE IT TO GIVE ONE OF YOU THE
BOX THAT YOU SO DESPERATELY
CRAVE. SEE, I JUST CAN'T FIGURE
OUT WHICH ONE OF YOU IS THE GIRL
IN THIS RELATIONSHIP AND WHICH
ONE'S THE MAN. OR DO YOU TAKE
TURNS? WELL, GENTLEMEN, THIS IS
YOUR LUCKY DAY BECAUSE I'M HERE
TO HELP. ONE OF YOU GETS TO BE A
WOMAN. THE ONLY QUESTION IS
WHICH ONE OF YOU IS PRETTIER?
HMM? HMM? HMM?
HMM? OH, MY.
MATT. . .YOU WIN.
THAT SHADOW REALLY BRINGS OUT
YOUR EYES. STAND UP. COME ON,
COME ON, COME ON.
[CHERRY SOBS]
>> TELL ME WHAT YOU DON'T LIKE
ABOUT YOURSELF.
YOU TWO ARE THE MOST IRRITATING,
STUBBORN COUPLE OF ASSHOLES I'VE
EVER MET. A YEAR AGO, I JET DOWN
TO MIAMI, THE SODOM OF THE
SOUTH, TO MAKE A LITTLE
STATEMENT WITH THE NAOMI GAINES
GIRL, AND YOU TWO HAVE TO PULL A
JOHN WAYNE AND DESTROY MY
BEAUTIFUL WORK.
>> HOW CAN YOU DO THIS TO
PEOPLE, QUENTIN? YOU'RE A
PHYSICIAN.
>> EXACTLY. AND I CAME TO THIS
CITY OF FLESH TO HEAL IT, TO
FREE IT FROM THE TYRANNY OF
BEAUTY. TO SAVE IT, BODY AND
SOUL, FROM GROTESQUE,
UNNECESSARY FACE LIFTS AND
RIDICULOUS CALF IMPLANTS. BUT
YOU TWO WOULDN'T LET ME BE.
I HAVE TO ADMIT, I TOOK IT VERY
PERSONALLY.
>> YOU SHOULD'VE TAKEN IT
PERSONALLY, YOU SACK OF SHIT!
WALK AROUND SCARRED FOR THE REST
OF THEIR LIVES?
>> THEY WEREN'T SCARRED, THEY
WERE LIBERATED.
[CHRISTIAN SCOFFS]
I THINK WE NEED SOME SURGERY
MUSIC.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> AH, I TRIED WARNING YOU.
HELL, I'D SAY I WAS DOWNRIGHT
MAGNANIMOUS WITH YOU, SEAN, IN
YOUR BATHROOM. IF YOU HAD JUST
LISTENED TO ME, I MIGHT NOT HAVE
HAD THE NEED TO ESCALATE THINGS
AND POP CHRISTIAN'S CHERRY.
>> BULLSHIT. YOU'RE JUST A
FREAKING EUNUCH WHO NEEDS TO
RAPE PEOPLE WITH A STRAP-ON TO
MAKE YOURSELF FEEL LIKE A MAN!
>> HOW MANLY DID YOU FEEL WHEN I
WAS OWNING YOUR TIGHT WHITE ASS,
PRETTY BOY? HMM? HA HA!
IF YOU WANT TO RELEASE SOMEONE
FROM THE PRISON OF THEIR
REFLECTION, YOU NEED TO DESTROY
THEM PHYSICALLY AND SEXUALLY. I
AM NOT DAHMER OR BUNDY. I DON'T
RAPE TO POSSESS, I RAPE TO
EN LIGHTEN.
>> LIKE YOU ENLIGHTENED KIMBER?
>> KIMBER MOVED ME. I HAD TO
SAVE HER. YOU TURNED HER INTO
A MONSTER. I FIXED HER, RELEASED
HER FROM YOUR GILDED CAGE.
>> YOU THINK SOME OTHER PLASTIC
SURGEONS AREN'T JUST GONNA TAKE
OUR PLACES?
>> OH, SEAN, PLEASE. GIVE ME
SOME CREDIT. I'M NOT A KILLER.
>> TELL THAT TO RHEA REYNOLDS.
>> HEY! THAT'S DIFFERENT.
RHEA OFFENDED ME.
NO, KILLING YOU WON'T STOP OTHER
SURGEONS FROM FIXING MY
PATIENTS.
>> WE'VE BECOME DESENSITIZED TO
MURDER. BRUTALITY, TORTURE,
BARBARISM . ..
NOW THOSE ARE HEADLINE GRABBERS.
[MATT GROANS]
>> WHY, THAT BLADE'S KINDA DULL.
I'M AFRAID THIS IS GONNA HURT
MORE THAN I THOUGHT.
>> YOU WON'T GET AWAY WITH IT,
QUENTIN. NOW WE KNOW WHO YOU
ARE.
>> UNDERSTOOD. BUT REVEALING MY
IDENTITY TO YOU WAS THE ONLY WAY
THAT I COULD ASSURE THAT MY
MESSAGE WOULD BE TAKEN
SERIOUSLY. WHO'S GONNA LISTEN TO
THE RAMBLINGS OF SOME PSYCHOTIC?
BUT THE WELL THOUGHT-OUT
PHILOSOPHY OF A HIGHLY TRAINED,
HIGHLY SKILLED PLASTIC SURGEON?
NOW, THOSE QUOTES END UP ON THE
FRONT PAGE OF THE TIMES.
MY GREATEST FEAR IS BEING
RELEGATED TO THE LUNATIC FRINGE.
THAT'S WHY I COULDN'T LET YOU
TAKE ALL THE CREDIT FOR THIS,
CHRISTIAN. I AM NEITHER
A PSYCHOTIC NOR A SHALLOW,
MEDIOCRE SURGEON. I'M AN ARTIST.
WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF, HMM?
DEATH?
[MATT MOANS]
>> YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
I CAN'T DO THIS.
>> WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> THE QUESTION IS: WHAT ARE YOU
DOING? AND THE ANSWER IS...
YOU'RE DOING IT TO YOURSELF.
TAKE IT.
>> NOW...YOU'VE INSULTED ME.
HMM?
>> TO A SURGEON, WHAT WOULD BE
MOST PRECIOUS? WHAT WOULD A
SURGEON BE THE MOST AFRAID OF
BEING WITHOUT, HMM?
A SURGEON WITHOUT HIS FINGERS.
THAT'S KINDA LIKE A MAN WITHOUT
A PENIS, NO? NO?
>> AAH!
>> CUT IT OFF, MATT.
> > I CAN'T.
>> ARIEL! I KNOW YOU'RE UP
THERE! PLEASE HELP ME!
>> THAT REALLY DOESN'T DO IT FOR
ME. KIND OF A LET DOWN.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT SEPARATES US
FROM BEASTS, HUH? WHAT ALLOWED
US TO EVOLVE, USE TOOLS, CREATE
THIS PISSHOLE OF A WORLD WE LIVE
IN? OPPOSABLE THUMBS. WE CAN DO
THIS--AND ABRACADABRA--WE HAVE
LIGHT BEER AND TIVO. WITHOUT OUR
THUMBS, WE'RE NOTHING. YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY CALL A SURGEON WITHOUT
HIS THUMBS? HOMELESS.
>> PLEASE!
>> WAIT! WAIT!
>> TAKE MINE OFF INSTEAD.
>> CHRISTIAN, DON'T!
>> SHUT UP, SEAN! COME ON,
QUENTIN! ONE LAME SURGEON
SHOULD BE ENOUGH TO PROVE YOUR
POINT!
>> NOW THIS IS STARTING TO GET
REALLY FASCINATING.
>> NOW THAT SOUNDS LIKE A FAIR
TRADE.
BUT THE ONLY THING IS...
MATT'S GOT TO DO IT.
>> I DON'T KNOW, CHRISTIAN.
I MEAN, SEAN'S A TALENT, YOU
KNOW?
>> JUST LEAVE HIM ALONE.
>> WOW. THIS IS REALLY
BEAUTIFUL. YOU TWO REALLY LOVE
EACH OTHER. IT'S TOUCHING.
BUT IT'S STILL NOT A FAIR TRADE.
I WANT THE WHOLE HAND.
[SAW BUZZING]
UH...
RIGHT OR LEFT?
>> WHICHEVER ONE YOU WANT.
I'LL KILL YOU WITH WHATEVER I
HAVE LEFT.
>> OK.
>> I'M STRONG, MATT. IT'S OK.
IT'S WHAT I ALWAYS WANTED
ANYWAY.
>> NO.
[SAW BUZZING]
[BUZZING STOPS]
>> I CAN'T DO IT.
I CAN'T DO IT, CHRISTIAN.
I LIKE YOU TOO MUCH.
I MEAN, WE'VE MADE LOVE, HMM?
>> YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO DO IT.
>> UHH!
>> WHOA! HEY! THAT IS REALLY
HOSTILE. YOU KNOW, I WOULD
REALLY BE CAREFUL WITH THAT IF
I WERE YOU. I WOULD HATE FOR YOU
TO SLIP AND SLIT YOUR FRIEND'S
THROAT WITH IT.
DO IT, CHRISTIAN.
NOW!
[SAW BUZZING]
>> CUT YOUR OTHER HAND FREE,
MATT, AND DO IT.
[MATT SNIFFLES]
THERE YOU GO.
NOW CUT IT OFF ON THE COUNT OF
3. CUT IT OFF OR I WILL KILL
YOU.
>> [SOFTLY] I'M SO SORRY.
>> [SOFI'LY] IT'S OK.
>> 1...
2...
>> AAH!
>> DO IT, CHRISTIAN.
DO IT!
[GUNSHOT]
>> MAKE SURE YOU DON'T START
THE AUTOPSY WITHOUT ME.
>> UHH!
>> LOOK, WE CAN SAVE HER.
IT'S NOT MURDER YET.
>> MATT! YOU'VE TAKEN YOUR
LICKS. YOU'VE LEARNED YOUR
LESSON. NOW...
PUT THAT FILTHY TRAN NY OUT OF
ITS MISERY.
HMM?
>> WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU'RE
GOING?
>> SHOOT ME. I DON'T CARE
ANYMORE.
>> GET BACK HERE! YOU SHOVEL
THAT GODDAMN DIRT INTO THAT
GRAVE OR I SWEAR YOUR DEAD
WEIGHT IS GONNA FINISH HER OFF.
>> DID YOU NOT HEAR ME?
I DON'T CARE!
YOU WANT TWO DEAD BODIES?
SHOOT ME.
[COCKS GUN]
>> YOU HAVEN'T GOT THE GUTS.
YOU DIDN'T HAVE THE GUTS TO CUT
CHERRY, AND YOU DON'T HAVE THE
GUTS TO PULL THAT TRIGGER NOW,
DO YOU, EUGENE?
>> UHH!
>> IS HE DEAD?
>> I DON'T KNOW, BUT HE WILL BE.
> > MATI'?
PLEASE.
>> DO IT.
>> I SEE NO REASON TO PROLONG MY
STAY HERE IN THE STATES NOW THAT
MY WORK IS FINISHED.
>> YOU MUST FEEL A SENSE OF
SATISFACTION, HAVING CLOSED THE
CASE, KNOWING YOU STOPPED
SOMEONE FROM DESTROYING MORE
LIVES.
>> KILLING A HUMAN BEING NEVER
FEELS GOOD, DR. MCNAMARA.
>> HE WAS A DERANGED PSYCHOPATH,
A MURDERER.
>> BUT NO ONE'S BORN THAT WAY,
ARE THEY?
NO CHILD WHO'S EXPERIENCED WHAT
QUENTIN EXPERIENCED CAN BE
EXPECTED TO GROW UP SANE.
THE PHYSICAL DEFORMITIES HE
ENDURED, ABANDONED BY HIS
PARENTS, PLACED IN A CONVENT.
>> HOW DO YOU KNOW?
>> WE UNCOVERED A CRUDE JOURNAL
OF SORTS, BEGUN IN CHILDHOOD.
IT PROVIDED US WITH CLUES TO A
SECRET PAST THAT HE WAS
DETERMINED TO REMEMBER, BUT
NEVER TO BE REVEALED.
HE HAD A SISTER, A YOUNGER
SISTER, EVEN MORE HIDEOUSLY
DEFORMED THAN HE WAS.
THE RESULTS OF INCEST.
FRONTONASAL DYSPLASIA IS THE
TECHNICAL TERM.
>> MEDIAN CLEFT FACE SYNDROME.
>> THEIR PARENTS SENT THEM TO AN
ISOLATED CONVENT IN NORTHERN
MAINE. THE FRUITS OF THEIR
CARNAL PLEASURE WERE TOO MUCH TO
BEAR. QUENTEN'S DEFORMITIES
COULD BE CLOAKED, VIOLET'S COULD
NOT. PERSPECTIVE PARENTS WOULD
COME...
>> VIOLET, YOU HAVE VISITORS.
>> BUT QUENTIN REFUSED TO LET
THEM BE SEPARATED.
>> AND WHAT HAPPENED? HOW DID HE
GO FROM BEING THE BOY YOU'RE
DESCRIBING--
>> TO THE SERIAL RAPIST HE
BECAME? HE WAS 15 WHEN THEY LEFT
THE CONVENT. BUT QUENTIN WAS
DRIVEN AND BRIGHT. HE PUT
HIMSELF THROUGH MED SCHOOL AND
BECAME A PLASTIC SURGEON,
DETERMINED TO HELP HIS SISTER
CONFORM TO OUR CULTURE'S DEMAND
FOR PHYSICAL BEAUTY...
SO THAT, FINALLY, THEY COULD
BOTH BE LOVED.
>> BEAUTY IS A CURSE.
>> VIOLET UNDERWENT 8 SURGERIES
AT HER BROTHER'S HAND TO REPAIR
THE DIVISION IN HER FACE,
TO CLOSE THE BONES IN HER SKULL.
3 MORE ATTEMPTS TO REPAIR THE
SKIN ABNORMALITIES SO THAT
FINALLY OTHERS WOULD LOOK AT HER
WITHOUT GASPING IN HORROR.
DURING THE FINAL SURGERY, BEFORE
HE COULD FINISH, SHE SUFFERED A
STROKE AND DIED. SHE WAS 29.
>> SO HE BLAMED US?
>> AS PLASTIC SURGEONS, YOU
EXPLOIT THE SOCIAL PRESSURES
THAT CAUSED HER SUCH AGONY.
>> BUT HE COULD HAVE GONE
ANYWHERE, SOME OTHER PRACTICE.
>> IT'S THE SUNSHINE STATE.
THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BEAUTY ARE
GREATEST HERE. HE COULD MAKE A
STATEMENT AND BE HEARD. HE COULD
VENT HIS RAGE HERE.
>> WE, UH, APPRECIATE YOUR
DILIGENCE AND YOUR
IMPECCABLE TIMING, KIT.
YOU SAVED OUR LIVES.
>> I'M JUST GLAD THAT GINA
CALLED 911 WHEN SHE DID.
HOW IS SHE?
>> DON'T SCREW THIS UP, ASSHOLE.
I'M PLANNING TO GET A BOOK DEAL
OUT OF THIS, AND I DON'T WANT TO
LOOK LIKE THE JOKER ON MY DUST
JACKET.
>> WHAT'S THE TITLE GONNA BE?
EVEN THE CARVER WOULDN'T STICK
HIS DICK IN ME?
>> OH, THAT'S NICE, CHRISTIAN.
>> WHAT WERE YOU DOING HERE,
GINA? I MEAN, TALK ABOUT BEING
AT THE WRONG PLACE AT THE WRONG
TIME.
>> I WAS DROPPING OFF A
CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR HIM.
I WAS INVITED TO THIS BIG
NEW YEAR'S EVE PARTY AND WITH
EVERYTHING THAT HAPPENED WITH
KIMBER, I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
ACTUALLY BE VULNERABLE ENOUGH TO
BE MY DATE.
MAYBE JUST BE OPEN TO A PETTY
SCREW.
>> I WOULD NEVER BE VULNERABLE
ENOUGH TO SCREW YOU AGAIN, GINA.
I WOULDN'T WANT TO RUIN OUR
FRIENDSHIP.
>> I'M JUST GRATEFUL THAT YOU
WERE HERE, GINA. IF IT WASN'T
FOR YOUR 911 CALL, KIT WOULD
NEVER HAVE MADE IT HERE IN TIME.
>> WHAT 911 CALL?
WHATEVER HE DRUGGED ME WITH
KNOCKED ME OUT UNTIL AFTER THE
POLICE SHOWED UP.
>> WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
>> YOU KNOW WHAT? THIS REEKS OF
OBSESSIVE-COMPULSIVE TO ME.
TRAVELING ALL THE WAY TO
NORTHERN MAINE SO THAT WE CAN
VISIT SOME GODFORSAKEN
ORPHANAGE. I DON'T SEE WHY THIS
IS OUR PROBLEM.
>> BECAUSE IT'S NOBODY ELSE'S.
COPS DON'T WANT TO HEAR ABOUT
IT. IT'S A HIGH-PROFILE CASE
THAT'S SOLVED. THAT'S IT.
NO MORE QUESTIONS. CASE CLOSED.
WELL, IT'S NOT CLOSED FOR ME.
KIT LIED ABOUT GINA CALLING 911.
WHAT ELSE DID SHE LIE ABOUT?
>> WHAT'S COMING HERE IN PERSON
GONNA SOLVE, HUH? FIND OUT THAT
THE SISTERS OF THE MOST HOLY
THORNY CROWN ARE INVOLVED IN THE
COVER-U P?
>> I EXPECT TO FIND THE TRUTH,
WHAT KIT SAID ABOUT QUENTIN
REALLY HAPPENED AND PUT THIS
NIGHTMARE BEHIND US.
> > EXCUSE ME?
MAY I HELP YOU?
>> YES. AN ASSOCIATE OF OURS WHO
GREW UP HERE RECENTLY DIED.
HIS NAME WAS QUENTIN COSTA.
WE WERE HOPING--
>> DR. COSTA?
WILL YOU WAIT HERE A MOMENT?
I'LL GO GET MOTHER MARY CLAIRE.
>> HOW DID HE DIE? QUENTIN.
>> HE WAS SHOT. WRONG PLACE AT
THE WRONG TIME. IT'S UNDER
INVESTIGATION.
>> WE UNDERSTAND HE GREW UP
HERE.
>> YES. I'D ONLY BEEN HERE A
SHORT WHILE WHEN HE CAME TO US
WITH HIS POOR SISTER. THEY WERE
VERY DEVOTED TO EACH OTHER.
>> HE MUST HAVE BEEN HEARTBROKEN
WHEN SHE DIED.
>> DEAR LORD. SHE DIED AS WELL?
I HAD NO IDEA.
>> IN HER TWENTIES. THAT'S WHAT
WE WERE TOLD.
>> THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE. MANY OF
OUR CHILDREN, THEY SEND US
PHOTOGRAPHS AROUND THIS TIME OF
YEAR TO KEEP IN TOUCH.
I BELIEVE WE RECEIVED A PICTURE
FROM THEM 2-3 YEARS AGO.
>> ACCORDING TO THE POLICE,
VIOLET DIED DURING A SURGICAL
PROCEDURE.
> > VIOLET?
HER NAME'S KATHERINE.
WE CALLED HER KIT.
SHE RELOCATED TO A SUBURB
OUTSIDE LONDON YEARS AGO.
I DON'T HAVE AN ADDRESS ON HER,
I'M AFRAID.
> > GRACIAS.
>> CAREFUL, SIS. YOU REMEMBER
WHAT I HAD TO DO TO YOU THE LAST
TIME YOU GOT TOO INVOLVED WITH A
MAN. I SPENT TOO MUCH TIME
CREATING YOUR FACE TO HAVE TO
CARVE IT UP AGAIN.
>> JEALOUSY IS SO UNATTRACT IVE.
YOU KNOW CHRISTIAN WAS JUST A
PASSING FANCY.
>> HMM. IS THAT WHY YOU MANAGED
TO SHOW UP AT HIS OFFICE RIGHT
BEFORE I GOT HIM TO TAKE HIS OWN
HAND OFF?
>> I ARRIVED AT THE EXACT TIME
WE ARRANGED. DON'T YOU DARE
LECTURE ME ABOUT THAT.
YOU THINK I LIKE HAVING TO CARVE
YOU UP AND THEN SHOOT YOU?
>> WELL, I'D HAVE BEEN MORE
COMFORTABLE WITH THE PLAN IF YOU
DIDN'T DECIDED TO GO OFF BOOK
AND TELL THOSE TWO MY ENTIRE
LIFE STORY.
>> I NEEDED THEM TO UNDERSTAND
YOU. YOU'RE NOT A DERANGED
LUNATIC. YOU'RE A GOOD MAN
WHO STRUGGLED HIS WHOLE LIFE
AGAINST ODDS THAT THEY CAN'T
EVEN IMAGINE.
NOW STOP BEING SUCH A WHINY
BITCH AND DRINK YOUR SANGRIA.
WHAT WAS THE HARM ANYWAY?
THEY THINK YOU'RE DEAD.
>> DID YOU SEE HER?
HER ONLY BIRTH DEFECT WAS BEING
BORN RICH, AND SHE STILL HAD HER
TITS, NOSE, AND LIPS DONE.
> > AND LIPO.
PERHAPS I SHOULD PAY HER A HOUSE
CALL.
>> CAN'T WE JUST RELAX A FEW
DAYS?
>> A DOCTOR'S WORK IS NEVER
DONE.
>> ARE YOU COMING OR WHAT?
>> DO WE HAVE TO WAIT FOR THE
WATER TO BOIL?
>> GOD, THAT SMELLS SO GOOD.
>> DON'T ENCOURAGE HIM, JULIA.
>> SHE ALREADY TASTED MY ONE
DISH. SHE'S NOT THAT IMPRESSED,
BELIEVE ME. HONEY, YOU WANT TO
SET THE TABLE?
>> YOU'RE REALLY GETTING INTO
THIS COOKING NOW, AREN'T YOU?
>> WELL, IF THIS DOESN'T HEAL,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO LEARN TO DO
SOMETHING WITH MY TIME.
>> HEY, YOU HAD THE BEST
MICROSURGEON IN FLORIDA OPERATE
ON YOUR PINKY. I THINK YOU'RE
GONNA BE JUST FINE.
>> WELL...
HELLO THERE.
>> HEY. UM...
YOU MIND IF I CRASH YOUR PARTY?
>> IT'S JUST A BORING FAMILY
DINNER.
>> I COULD USE A LITTLE BORING
RIGHT NOW.
>> WELL, IN THAT CASE, WHY DON'T
YOU HELP ME WATCH THE WATER
BOIL, HUH?
>> UM, CAN I TALK TO YOU FOR A
MINUTE BEFORE DINNER?
>> SURE.
>> WHAT'S UP?
THE DEED.
I GUESS YOU'RE NOT GONNA TAKE ME
UP ON MY OFFER.
>> YOU DIDN'T READ IT YET.
I GOT THE COUNTY CLERK TO PUT
BOTH OUR NAMES ON IT. THAT WAY,
WE OWN THE HOUSE TOGETHER.
I WANT THE HOUSE, SEAN...
BUT ONLY IF YOU'RE STILL IN IT.
PLEASE STAY SO THAT...
WE CAN HAVE THE BABY HERE
TOGETHER?
[CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--]